today I brought karina to a house
of family field
I had the confidence to teach karina
a painting 15 in primary and if she is
Ariel with a pig's nose I love it
that my mother in law
Adrián's mother has the painting there
because I can finally see something that he
did with was tiny 238 degrees
Celsius
if you like the tenmillo without bone
true
it's good because I 'm up and
they say that a good steakhouse and for
I mean the person who cooks
does not he
that does not just spin around once
meat
but I'm not one of those then it
I 've been hitting him many times
with karina I had the best dates
I believe that it is no longer necessary to tell
all this for her to realize very
educated he behaved here in his house I did not
he let absolutely nothing do he already
I had prepared he did all that
story
it has not been given by the partner
I do not want to put pressure or anything
that but
and I still think that you are the one
I do not know if you still think that
I need more time
today is this canyon
these tips worked very well
Thank you
what fell
following my advice I like more
for the key was coming
unintentionally
Well the most important thing we realized
that it was not cool acting
let's continue with what happened in the
appointment
I'm doing the tips I worked
very good thanks to paris like no
love them I do not feel that
responsibility to screen the and is
more be more who I am
I love I feel it's my love
life I feel very much in love always
when I see it I still feel the
butterflies in the stomach I can not cover
the sun with a finger and if everything goes windy
aft me
I remain firm in the intention to pass the
rest of my life next to quality
God, we just let her go
statement if I want to hear from
new
I feel it's the love of my life
I feel very very in love always when
I see it I still feel the butterflies in
stomach
I can not seem with a finger and if everything
the wind is going aft
I remain firm in the intention to pass the
rest of my life next to quality